🪐👐 Updated with Glitch (#4)
Blackstareye/obs_browser_source_deathcounter: README.md

## License

> Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Distributed under the AGPL-3 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.
```
